input([prompt])

    Equivalent to eval(raw_input(prompt)).     This function does not
catch user errors. If the input is not syntactically valid, a
SyntaxError will be raised. Other exceptions may be raised if there is
an error during evaluation.     If the readline module was loaded,
then input() will use it to provide elaborate line editing and history
features.     Consider using the raw_input() function for general
input from users. class int(x=0) class int(x, base=10)     Return an
integer object constructed from a number or string x, or return 0 if
no arguments are given. If x is a number, it can be a plain integer, a
long integer, or a floating point number. If x is floating point, the
conversion truncates towards zero. If the argument is outside the
integer range, the function returns a long object instead.     If x is
not a number or if base is given, then x must be a string or Unicode
object representing an integer literal in radix base. Optionally, the
literal can be preceded by + or - (with no space in between) and
surrounded by whitespace. A base-n literal consists of the digits 0 to
n-1, with a to z (or A to Z) having values 10 to 35. The default base
is 10. The allowed values are 0 and 2–36. Base-2, -8, and -16 literals
can be optionally prefixed with 0b/0B, 0o/0O/0, or 0x/0X, as with
integer literals in code. Base 0 means to interpret the string exactly
as an integer literal, so that the actual base is 2, 8, 10, or 16.
The integer type is described in Numeric Types — int, float, long,
complex.

